[Music]
why you should never kiss your pet or
let them lick your face
are you a cat person or dog person then
perhaps you have a pet of your own how
do you treat them statistics reveal that
almost all pet owners consider their
pets to be part of the family given
these realities it's no surprise that
kissing animals is a common practice but
is it safe we want you to know all the
hidden dangers that can be lurking in
giving your four-legged friend a big hug
in a kiss
it is likely that you will never kiss
your pet again after watching this video
[Music]
our dog's mouth cleaner than human
mouths okay that's a total urban legend
Marty Becker the author of Chicken Soup
for the Soul of the dog owner dispels
his popular prejudice when he says all
you have to do is look watch the smell
and you realize that it's not true they
raid the garbage can you know we give
each other a peck on the cheek when we
say hello they give each other a peck on
the rear end how many bacteria are there
in the dogs saliva this is what John
Oxford professor of virology and
bacteriology at the Queen Mary
University of London says about how many
bacteria your dog's muzzle and mouth can
carry it is not just what is carried in
saliva dogs spent half their life with
their noses in nasty corners we're
hovering over other dog's droppings so
their muzzles are full of bacteria
viruses and germs of all sorts now what
about the saliva of dogs is it sanitary
they lick their wounds after all and it
speeds up the process of the recovery
right well this one isn't a complete
myth but such features are typical not
only of animal saliva but human saliva
as well what is more licking wounds is
only useful for removing dirt blood and
bacteria from the wound later it only
harms the damaged skin vets have their
reasons for putting on cones preventing
pets from licking their stitches after
an operation have you started thinking
hard about the necessity to avoid
kissing your pet not yet
then watch further
what might happen if these bacterias get
into your body the viruses and germs
that live in animals saliva can cause
serious health problems in humans this
is what happened to one british woman
who contracted an infection from her dog
saliva she began to notice that her
speech sounded more and more slurred
that made her worry and she contacted a
doctor blood tests revealed that she had
an infection due to cap no saito FATA
Kenna Moore says bacteria commonly found
in the mouths of dogs and cats as the
woman didn't have any marks or bites or
scratches the doctors came to the
conclusion that the bacteria was
transferred through the dog's kisses
moreover this case wasn't the only one
thirteen similar problems were
registered across the UK
what other diseases can you catch from
your pet
unfortunately the list of infections
which can be contracted between people
and their pets is frightened Ling Li
long ringworm infection is one of the
most common diseases that you can get
from kissing your dog or cat if your pet
is infected with ringworm and you kiss
them then you'll catch the disease too
it may sound as if this infection is
caused by a worm but in fact the reason
is a fungus on humans it itches a lot
and looks like a red circle of skin
which appeals away
mr sa infection usually affects the skin
as well and it can be caused by just one
lick from your dog cap no sight aphasia
canna Morse's is a bacterium that can
cause serious health problems if it
enters your body through an open wound
to sum it up bacterial infections
parasite infections fungal infections
viral infections you name it it will be
there all of them can be transmitted to
a person from their beloved furry family
members now we're going to tell you how
to prevent health risks associated with
owning a pet first of all you should
know that if you feel under the weather
we're about to fall ill skip close
contact with your pet why your immune
system is weakened at such moments as a
result the body's natural protection is
not that strong so while in any other
case you would be able to fight off an
infection from your pet under these
circumstances you are more likely to
catch
also there are other rules to follow
don't kiss your animals don't let them
lick your face don't ever feed your pets
at the table and never share your dishes
with them wash your hands thoroughly
after having any contact with animals
vaccinate your pet against common
diseases promptly use special
antibacterial and antifungal shampoos
when you wash your pets make sure your
dog or cat has no contact with wild or
stray animals when walking your dog
watch that they don't eat anything off
the street
don't give them raw eggs meat or fish
regularly clean and disinfect your pets
feeding bowl and do general cleaning in
the house using disinfecting solutions
see a vet immediately if your pet is not
feeling well or if he or she refuses to
eat or suffers from digestive orders
stick to these rules and you and your
ball of fluff will be healthy and happy
did you hit the like button while
watching the video if not it's not too
late to do it now share the video with
cat or dog owners and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]